[TSS-12] Test API burn (#13)
meranti-web3/ssi-sbt: INSTALL.md

This repository is automatically deployed when new changes are pushed to the `main` branch.

If you need to deploy this yourself, simply `npm run build` then `npm run start`. This will run the `./dist/index.js` file on your node.js server. The main file is just an `express` server.

## Test

> All the tests for the API "mint" and "burn" are in the `tests` folder at the root, the first test is testing that the client doesn't own a token, the second one, is testing that the operation to create a token went well, the third one is testing again if the client own or not the token, this time he should own a token because we just created one, and the last one it's testing that the token is correctly burned and so the client doesn't own a token anymore.

Reviewer: actually the tests are "self explanatory" so no need to describe them here (if you were the change the tests you'd also have to update this blurb, so you actually have duplication).
What's important to explain here is rather how to run the tests. The steps are:

1. start the flextesa standbox
2.start the node server 
3. run the tests

for each step, remember to add the relevant command line

thanks!

This repository is automatically deployed when new changes are pushed to the `main` branch.

If you need to deploy this yourself, simply `npm run build` then `npm run start`. This will run the `./dist/index.js` file on your node.js server. The main file is just an `express` server.

## Test

First of all you need to run a Tezos node with docker, in the folder `sbt-contract-tz` there is an executable called `run` to run the container you have to run this cmd line :

```sh
./run start-sandbox
```

then to compile the contract :

```sh
./run compile-contract
```

after this you have run the deployed contract with this command line :

```sh
npm run deploy
```

> (the node version has to be 18.17.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(the node version has to be 18 or above)
```

after you deployed the contract you will receive an adress in the terminal that you need to copy and paste in your `.env`

In case you don't know you run the node server with this command line :

```sh
npm start
```

> The node server need to be on port 3000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The node server needs to be on port 3000
```
